Introduction to LCS(Lifecycle Services)

Microsoft Dynamics Lifecycle Services (LCS) provides regularly updated services. The goal of LCS is to deliver the right information, at the right time, 
to the right people, and to help ensure repeatable, predictable success with each roll-out of an implementation, update, or upgrade. 
A new customer of Dynamics 365 Finance and Operations apps can sign in by using Microsoft Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) credentials.

The Tools which are available in LCS : 


1.Project 
	
Projects are the key organizer for your experience in LCS. Projects let you invite your partners to collaborate with you, and 
they also let you track progress.

2.Methodologies 

Methodologies provide a tool that you can use to ensure more repeatable, predictable implementation projects.You can use one of our methodologies 
or create your own. By using a methodology, you can easily track and report on your progress.

3.Business process modeler	

Business process modeler lets you create, view, and modify standard process flows. By using Business process modeler, you can achieve the following goals: 
standardize process flows; align your business processes with industry-standard processes, as described by the American Productivity & 
Quality Center (APQC);identify fit and gaps between user requirements and the default functionality that Microsoft Dynamics products provides.

4.Cloud-hosted environments  
     
Cloud-hosted environments is a tool that you can use to deploy Microsoft Dynamics environments on Azure. When you use Cloud-hosted environments, 
you must select the type of environment to deploy, such as a demo, developer/test, or production environment. Based on your selection, the Cloud-hosted 
environments tool provisions the appropriate number of virtual machines (VMs) in Azure. 


5.Issue search	

Issue search helps you find existing solutions and workarounds for known issues in Microsoft Dynamics products. You can see which issues have been fixed, 
which issues remain open.

6.Asset library	

The Asset library is a storage location for the various assets that are associated with a tenant in LCS.

UAT
STAGING ENVIRONMENT

https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/learning/dashboard.aspx


Support request number: SR2110180050001369
